Ignore files listed in `.mdbookignore` during build (#1908)
rust-lang/mdBook: guide/src/format/configuration/renderers.md

This will generate an HTML page which will automatically redirect to the given location.
Note that the source location does not support `#` anchor redirects.

> ### `[.mdbookignore]`

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this is in square brackets. The other sections are like that because they are describing TOML sections of `book.toml`.

```suggestion
### `.mdbookignore`
```

Author: Fixed.

> You can use a `.mdbookignore` file to exclude files from the build process. The file is places in the `src` directory of your book and has the format known from [`.gitignore`](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a `.mdbookignore` file to exclude files from the build process. The file is placed in the `src` directory of your book and has the same format as [`.gitignore`](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) files.
```

Also, can you split it to one sentence per line to make diffs easier to manage?

Author: Fixed.
